General comment:

There is a lot of detail about the accelerator.  Many specific aspects
of the experiment have much less detail.  While it is fair to refer to
other theses for aspects of the experiment that you did not have a
great involvement with, details about the qweak apparatus are more
important than accelerator details.  (Unless those details are
particularly relevant to your physics.)

thermoionic -> thermionic ??

1.4
quads and dipoles.  Not to focus/defocus.  Just say

...series of quadrupole and dipole magnets to transport the beam to
the target... 

Lambartson, Labratson   spelling.

Eq. 1.52 and 1.53
Subscripts that are words should be roman
e.g.  X_{\textrm{offset}}

After Eq. 1.5.3
Sentence starting with "Practically" is a run on sentence, break it
up.

Eq 1.5.5
Subscripts target and 3C12 need to be \textrm

1.5.4.2
Have you discussed what asymmetries are at this point?  Or what a
helicity correlated beam parameter is?

1.5.5
Same thing, has concept of asymmetry been introduced yet?

1.6.1
The polarimeter does not measure the asymmetry in cross sections.  It
takes that as a given.  It measures the asymmetry in yields.  It gets
the polarization by measuring this asymmetry and dividing by the
polarization of the target electrons and the asymmetry in the cross
section.  (Or something like that.)

At 1.9.1

Is it really called a transverse hall probe?  Or do you mean a hall
probe oriented transverse to the magnetic field?  (Which is how one
would normally use one.)

What do you mean the "online" QTor magnetic field

The hall probes were hardly controlled.  Really just read.

1.10.1

Say "Electrons entering the quartz produce a cone of Cereknov light
that undergoes total internal reflection.    Light that reaches the
ends of the bars enters the PMTS."

Why does the lead improve elastic electron light yield?
Does it have any drawbacks?

1.10.1.1
The Low noise electronics don't let us achieve the desired statistical
accuracy.  They keep us from introducing extra noise that would
dominate/destroy the statical accuracy from number of electrons being
detected.

1.12
CODA does not convert analog signals into digitized signals.  It
handles the transfer of digital data from the front end modules (such
as the ADC) in multiple crates to a computer for storage on disk.

1.13  "ASCII data files"?  What are ASCII data files and where did
they come from.

The stuff about publishing target status to the web is fairly
important after the fact.  (May have been important to run)


